I was very picky eater before my mission
I liked meat potatoes and that was very
and bread and my mom said I hope you go
somewhere foreign where they can really
expand your palate and I said okay and
so I got down there and rice and beans I
didn't really like rice it means a
promotion either but now I love it I
can't live without him but they had this
one food that would be kind of like the
lasagna of America where everyone eats
lasagna here they all love it there they
call it feijoada and it's so common and
it's like it was a slave food originally
because the slaves would cook for their
masters and they would give them all the
good parts of the the pig like the bacon
the hindquarters everything that was
good about the pig they would give to
their masters and what was left over
they would make their food out of so
like this now the tongue that year the
the tail the foot all that they threw
into a pot and cooked it and that became
feijoada and now everyone most of
Brazilians are descendants from slaves
so they eat this food cultivation Wanda
and I remember my first time eating the
MTC and I just it was all rubbery
because mostly fat and I just like oh I
cannot eat this for two years like I
would fast that day and the mtsc because
I didn't want to eat that eat that food
but now I love it I loved it actually
gotten on the mission field and and it
was different because different people
like different ways they was like oh wow
I like mine with a little pig's foot and
I like oh I don't like pigs but it's too
heavy for me and it was interesting to
see how they would talk about their food
and and I remember they they don't waste
anything any part of the animal data
they use like I had never eaten a cow's
foot before in my entire life and there
I got it and it's called mocha Thal and
there are different ways to prepare it
but the most common is they make it into
a broth like a very sweet soup like the
ligaments and everything it'll get all
cooked together and at least this really
nice soup my first time eating with all
the the member literally just took a
cow's foot and cooked it
so I'm sitting there I'm starving and I
have my rice and beans ready and she
just BAM cows foot just an actual like
you picture cow's foot in real life put
that on a plate and I look to my
companion cause we're gonna eat this
he's like with the smile on your face
out there and so it's just different
people interpret the the foods there
differently and so I ate it and it was
not the best food I've ever eaten but
then I got the other milk with all where
they make it into like a soup and I
loved it and so it was very different to
see the different types of foods that
they would make I mean they use that I
eat chickens feet i i've eaten every
single part of a pig you can imagine
like I've eaten bowls intestines with
their tongues cooked inside of it and
it's it's it sounds gross but it's
really good it is it's totally different
to come back home and be totally
fearless and eating any kind of food I
don't if you don't tell me what it is
I'll eat it and so my favorite food I
think that I learned was um I think
feijoada was probably my favorite but
what was interesting is that there if
you offer someone in egg like a fried
egg you were calling that person poor
because eggs down there are for only
poor people they're very cheap and so if
you only exu are poor and for us
missionaries we were bored so we loved
it and so we loved fried eggs and ground
beef with bread that's what we ate a lot
of the times at home not in the members
houses of course and so it was very
interesting when I'm when I would Skype
my family and they would say really I
guess you're for poor people down there
that's interesting and so it's just
different because we don't I mean we
would say you know food stamps are for
or for people in poverty I feel like
that's what it would be in Rizzo is oh
you eat eggs and bread you're on food
stamps and it's just a different way to
see how they lived in how they
categorize different foods I remember I
once in a very wealthy wealthy house it
was the most rich person I've ever met
entire mission and they had like this
huge old table full of all this
beautiful food but no rice and beans
which is a staple food for them because
it fills you up and it's very cheap
every Brazilian eats rice and beans but
not the rich because it's I don't want
to say beneath them but it's just that
they can buy higher quality things like
I don't know noodles like very expensive
pastas or something like that they don't
need rice and beans and I remember
sitting at this table and I felt out of
place because there was no rice and
beans I don't like we left the house
like my cap and egg are you still hungry
and he goes yeah I go because there were
no rice and beans we're still we're not
full and it was very different and the
family would be sitting there and and
they'd be like oh I can't member the
last time I had rice and beans and I I
was offended I was like I had rice and
beans this morning with a fried egg so
I'm not the poorest of the poor but the
food there you can tell how humble a
person is like and they won't admit they
if you meet a poor person on the street
they will give you the best of what they
have so if the best is what they have of
is is a fried egg and ground beef and
they are offering that that means they
are very very very poor and and they
were willing to give you anything I
remember my first area in that favela
this lady we were teaching she worked at
a lot of families home in a very faraway
place and she had to travel like three
or four buses in a metro to get there
and I remember that night we were gonna
teach her and she sat us now she's I
have a surprise for you and she goes in
the kitchen comes back out with her
hands behind her back and she pulls out
two fruit drinks one for me one for my
companion in the eyes of her children's
like got as big as dinner plates like
they wanted that drink and she probably
worked
like an extra five or six hours to get
that enough money to buy that drink for
us and it actually was a very terrible
drink it was at all but I drank
everything and I actually I gave the
drink to to her kids because I I just
couldn't stand having them look at me
like that then not share and that they
would work so hard for someone a
foreigner nonetheless to come into their
home teach them a foreign doctrine and
then they would work that much harder
just to buy us a little thing and just
to just to show their appreciation and
it it just it was amazing